com/example/bookbub/AboutMe.java
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$1
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$2
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$3
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$10
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$11
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$12
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$13
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$14
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$15
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$16
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$17
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$18
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$19
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$3
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$4
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$5
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$6
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$7
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$8
 com.example.bookbub.AboutMe$MyViewPagerAdapter$9
com/example/bookbub/BookDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$4
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$5
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$10
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$11
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$12
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$13
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$14
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$15
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$16
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$17
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$18
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$19
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$3
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$4
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$5
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$6
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$7
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$8
 com.example.bookbub.BookDetailsActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter$9
com/example/bookbub/MyBooksActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksActivity
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksActivity$1
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksActivity$2
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksActivity$3
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksActivity$4
com/example/bookbub/BookCallback.java
 com.example.bookbub.BookCallback
com/example/bookbub/VolleyCallback.java
 com.example.bookbub.VolleyCallback
com/example/bookbub/ApiClient.java
 com.example.bookbub.ApiClient
 com.example.bookbub.ApiInterface
com/example/bookbub/PrefManager.java
 com.example.bookbub.PrefManager
com/example/bookbub/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.LoginFragment
 com.example.bookbub.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.bookbub.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.bookbub.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.bookbub.LoginFragment$4
com/example/bookbub/The_Slide_items_Pager_Adapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.The_Slide_items_Pager_Adapter
com/example/bookbub/Api.java
 com.example.bookbub.Api
com/example/bookbub/TrendingFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.TrendingFragment
com/example/bookbub/model/Book.java
 com.example.bookbub.model.Book
com/example/bookbub/AllBooks.java
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$1
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$2
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$3
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$4
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$5
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$6
 com.example.bookbub.AllBooks$7
com/example/bookbub/PublishBook.java
 com.example.bookbub.PublishBook
com/example/bookbub/NewFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.NewFragment
com/example/bookbub/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity$1
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity$2
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity$3
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity$4
 com.example.bookbub.MainActivity$5
com/example/bookbub/SliderPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.SliderPagerAdapter
com/example/bookbub/Img_Pojo.java
 com.example.bookbub.Img_Pojo
com/example/bookbub/BookAdapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$3
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$4
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$5
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$6
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$7
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$8
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$ValueFilter
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$bookviewholder
 com.example.bookbub.BookAdapter$bookviewholder$1
com/example/bookbub/AboutFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.AboutFragment
 com.example.bookbub.AboutFragment$1
 com.example.bookbub.AboutFragment$2
com/example/bookbub/LoginAndRegister.java
 com.example.bookbub.LoginAndRegister
 com.example.bookbub.LoginAndRegister$AuthenticationPagerAdapter
com/example/bookbub/Ads.java
 com.example.bookbub.Ads
com/example/bookbub/AppWidget.java
 com.example.bookbub.AppWidget
com/example/bookbub/UserProfileFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$1
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$2
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$3
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$4
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$5
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$6
 com.example.bookbub.UserProfileFragment$7
com/example/bookbub/CustomItemAnimator.java
 com.example.bookbub.CustomItemAnimator
com/example/bookbub/AboutAdapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.AboutAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.AboutAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.AboutAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.AboutAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/bookbub/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$1
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$1UploadImage
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$2
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$3
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$4
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$5
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyAsyncTask
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$10
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$11
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$12
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$13
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$14
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$15
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$16
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$17
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$18
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$19
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$20
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$21
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$22
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$23
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$24
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$25
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$26
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$27
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$28
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$29
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$3
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$3$1
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$30
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$31
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$32
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$33
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$4
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$5
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$6
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$7
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$8
 com.example.bookbub.RegisterFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$9
com/example/bookbub/Album.java
 com.example.bookbub.Album
com/example/bookbub/GoogleFormService.java
 com.example.bookbub.FormData
 com.example.bookbub.GoogleFormService
com/example/bookbub/RedeemFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.RedeemFragment
com/example/bookbub/BookClickListener.java
 com.example.bookbub.BookClickListener
com/example/bookbub/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.HomeFragment
 com.example.bookbub.HomeFragment$1
com/example/bookbub/SharedPrefManager.java
 com.example.bookbub.SharedPrefManager
com/example/bookbub/Urls.java
 com.example.bookbub.URLs
com/example/bookbub/VolleySingleton.java
 com.example.bookbub.VolleySingleton
com/example/bookbub/NewActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$1
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$2
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$3
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$4
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$5
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$6
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$7
 com.example.bookbub.NewActivity$8
com/example/bookbub/ValueFilter2.java
 com.example.bookbub.ValueFilter2
com/example/bookbub/Books.java
 com.example.bookbub.Books
com/example/bookbub/AddBookActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$1
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$2
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$3
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$4
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$5
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$6
 com.example.bookbub.AddBookActivity$7
com/example/bookbub/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.bookbub.RetrofitClient
com/example/bookbub/ActivityOne.java
 com.example.bookbub.ActivityOne
com/example/bookbub/SessionManager.java
 com.example.bookbub.SessionManager
com/example/bookbub/RequestHandler.java
 com.example.bookbub.RequestHandler
com/example/bookbub/SliderItemFragment.java
 com.example.bookbub.SliderItemFragment
com/example/bookbub/MyBooksAdapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksAdapter$1
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksAdapter$2
 com.example.bookbub.MyBooksHolder
com/example/bookbub/The_Slide_Items_Model_Class.java
 com.example.bookbub.The_Slide_Items_Model_Class
com/example/bookbub/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.bookbub.SplashActivity
 com.example.bookbub.SplashActivity$1
com/example/bookbub/ResponsePOJO.java
 com.example.bookbub.ResponsePOJO
com/example/bookbub/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bookbub.BuildConfig
com/example/bookbub/User.java
 com.example.bookbub.User
com/example/bookbub/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.bookbub.SliderAdapter
 com.example.bookbub.SliderAdapter$Holder
